URL: https://docs.n8n.io/courses/level-one/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:41:39.851287

Level one: Introduction
#
Welcome to the
n8n Course Level 1
!
Is this course right for me?
#
This course introduces you to the fundamental concepts within n8n and develops your low-code automation expertise.
This course is for you if you:
Are starting to use n8n for the first time.
Are looking for some extra help creating your first workflow.
Want to automate processes in your personal or working life.
This course introduces n8n concepts and demonstrates practical workflow building without assuming any prior familiarity with n8n. If you'd like to get a feel for the basics without as much explanation, consult our
quickstart guide
.
What will I learn in this course?
#
We believe in learning by doing. You can expect some theoretical information about the basic concepts and components of n8n, followed by practice of building workflows step by step.
By the end of this course you will know:
How to set up n8n and navigate the Editor UI.
How n8n structures data.
How to configure different node parameters and add credentials.
When and how to use conditional logic in workflows.
How to schedule and control workflows.
How to import, download, and share workflows with others.
You will build two workflows:
A two-node workflow to get articles from Hacker News
A seven-node workflow to help your client get records from a data warehouse, filter them, make calculations, and notify team members about the results
What do I need to get started?
#
n8n set up
: You can use
n8n Cloud
(or the
self-hosted version
if you have experience hosting services).
A course user ID
:
Sign up here
to get your unique ID and other credentials you will need in the course.
Basic knowledge of JavaScript and
APIs
would be helpful, but isn't necessary.
An
account on the n8n community forum
if you wish to receive a profile badge and avatar upon successful completion.
How long does the course take?
#
Completing the course should take around
two hours
. You don't have to complete it in one go; feel free to take breaks and resume whenever you are ready.
How do I complete the course?
#
There are two milestones in this course that test your knowledge of what you have learned in the lessons:
Building the
main workflow
Passing the
quiz
at the end of the course
Check your progress
You can always
check your progress
throughout the course by entering your unique ID
here
.
If you complete the milestones above, you will get
a badge and an avatar
in your forum profile. You can then share your profile and course verification ID to showcase your n8n skills to others.
Let's get started!
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.