URL: https://docs.n8n.io/courses/level-one/chapter-5/chapter-5.1/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:41:46.689699

1. Getting data from the data warehouse
#
In this part of the workflow, you will learn how to get data by making HTTP requests with the
HTTP Request
node.
After completing this section, your workflow will look like this:
View workflow file
First, let's set the scene for building Nathan's workflow.
Create new workflow
#
Open your Editor UI and create a new workflow with one of the two possible commands:
Select
Ctrl
+
Alt
+
N
or
Cmd
+
Option
+
N
on your keyboard.
Open the left menu, navigate to
Workflows
, and select
Add workflow
.
Name this new workflow "Nathan's workflow."
The first thing you need to do is get data from ABCorp's old data warehouse.
In a previous chapter, you used an action node designed for a specific service (Hacker News). But not all apps or services have dedicated nodes, like the legacy data warehouse from Nathan's company.
Though we can't directly export the data, Nathan told us that the data warehouse has a couple of API endpoints. That's all we need to access the data using the
HTTP Request
node in n8n.
No node for that service?
The HTTP Request node is one of the most versatile nodes, allowing you to make HTTP requests to query data from apps and services. You can use it to access data from apps or services that don't have a dedicated node in n8n.
Add an HTTP Request node
#
Now, in your Editor UI, add an HTTP Request node like you learned in the lesson
Adding nodes
. The node window will open, where you need to configure some parameters.
HTTP Request node
This node will use credentials.
Credentials
Credentials
are unique pieces of information that identify a user or a service and allow them to access apps or services (in our case, represented as n8n nodes). A common form of credentials is a username and a password, but they can take other forms depending on the service.
In this case, you'll need the credentials for the ABCorp data warehouse API included in the email from n8n you received when you signed up for this course. If you haven't signed up yet,
sign up here
.
In the
Parameters
of the HTTP Request node, make the following adjustments:
Method
: This should default to GET. Make sure it's set to GET.
URL
: Add the
Dataset URL
you received in the email when you signed up for this course.
Send Headers
: Toggle this control to true. In
Specify Headers
, ensure
Using Fields Below
is selected.
Header Parameters
>
Name
: Enter
unique_id
.
Header Parameters
>
Value
: The Unique ID you received in the email when you signed up for this course.
Authentication
: Select
Generic Credential Type
. This option requires credentials before allowing you to access the data.
Generic Auth Type
: Select
Header Auth
. (This field will appear after you select the Generic Credential Type for the Authentication.)
Credential for Header Auth
: To add your credentials, select
+ Create new credential
. This will open the Credentials window.
In the Credentials window, set
Name
to be the
Header Auth name
you received in the email when you signed up for this course.
In the Credentials window, set
Value
to be the
Header Auth value
you received in the email when you signed up for this course.
Select the
Save
button in the Credentials window to save your credentials. Your
Credentials Connection
window should look like this:
HTTP Request node credentials
Credentials naming
New credential names follow the "
account" format by default. You can rename the credentials by clicking on the name, similarly to renaming nodes. It's good practice to give them names that identify the app/service, type, and purpose of the credential. A naming convention makes it easier to keep track of and identify your credentials.
Once you save, exit out of the Credentials window to return to the HTTP Request node.
Get the data
#
Select the
Execute step
button in the HTTP Request node window. The table view of the HTTP request results should look like this:
HTTP Request node output
This view should be familiar to you from the
Building a mini-workflow
page.
This is the data from ABCorp's data warehouse that Nathan needs to work with. This data set includes sales information from 30 customers with five columns:
orderID
: The unique id of each order.
customerID
: The unique id of each customer.
employeeName
: The name of Nathan's colleague responsible for the customer.
orderPrice
: The total price of the customer's order.
orderStatus
: Whether the customer's order status is
booked
or still in
processing
.
What's next?
#
Nathan 🙋
: This is great! You already automated an important part of my job with only one node. Now instead of manually accessing the data every time I need it, I can use the HTTP Request Node to automatically get the information.
You 👩‍🔧
: Exactly! In the next step, I'll help you one step further and insert the data you retrieved into Airtable.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.