URL: https://docs.n8n.io/flow-logic/merging/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:43:08.409844

Merging data
#
Merging brings multiple data streams together. You can achieve this using different nodes depending on your workflow requirements.
Merge data from different data streams or nodes: Use the
Merge
node to combine data from various sources into one.
Merge data from multiple node executions: Use the
Code
node for complex scenarios where you need to merge data from multiple executions of a node or multiple nodes.
Compare and merge data: Use the
Compare Datasets
node to compare, merge, and output data streams based on the comparison.
Explore each method in more detail in the sections below.
Merge data from different data streams
#
If your workflow
splits
, you combine the separate streams back into one stream.
Here's an
example workflow
showing different types of merging: appending data sets, keeping only new items, and keeping only existing items. The
Merge node
documentation contains details on each of the merge operations.
View template details
Merge data from different nodes
#
You can use the Merge node to combine data from two previous nodes, even if the workflow hasn't split into separate data streams. This can be useful if you want to generate a single dataset from the data generated by multiple nodes.
Merging data from two previous nodes
Merge data from multiple node executions
#
Use the Code node to merge data from multiple node executions. This is useful in some
Looping
scenarios.
Node executions and workflow executions
This section describes merging data from multiple node executions. This is when a node executes multiple times during a single workflow execution.
Refer to this
example workflow
using Loop Over Items and Wait to artificially create multiple executions.
View template details
Compare, merge, and split again
#
The
Compare Datasets
node compares data streams before merging them. It outputs up to four different data streams.
Refer to this
example workflow
for an example.
View template details
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.