URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.toolworkflow/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:55:20.010965

Call n8n Workflow Tool node
#
The Call n8n Workflow Tool node is a
tool
that allows an
agent
to run another n8n workflow and fetch its output data.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Call n8n Workflow Tool node, and links to more resources.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node parameters
#
Description
#
Enter a custom code a description. This tells the agent when to use this tool. For example:
Call this tool to get a random color. The input should be a string with comma separated names of colors to exclude.
Source
#
Tell n8n which workflow to call. You can choose either:
Database
to select the workflow from a list or enter a workflow ID.
Define Below
and copy in a complete
workflow JSON
.
Workflow Inputs
#
When using
Database
as workflow source, once you choose a sub-workflow (and define the
Workflow Input Schema
in the sub-workflow), you can define the
Workflow Inputs
.
Select the
Refresh
button to pull in the input fields from the sub-workflow.
You can define the workflow input values using any combination of the following options:
providing fixed values
using expressions to reference data from the current workflow
letting the AI model specify the parameter
by selecting the button AI button on the right side of the field
using the
$fromAI()
function
in expressions to control the way the model fills in data and to mix AI generated input with other custom input
To reference data from the current workflow, drag fields from the input panel to the field with the Expressions mode selected.
To get started with the
$fromAI()
function, select the "Let the model define this parameter" button on the right side of the field and then use the
X
on the box to revert to user-defined values. The field will change to an expression field pre-populated with the
$fromAI()
expression. From here, you can customize the expression to add other static or dynamic content, or tweak the
$fromAI()
function parameters.
Templates and examples
#
AI agent that can scrape webpages
by Eduard
View template details
Build Your First AI Data Analyst Chatbot
by Solomon
View template details
Create a Branded AI-Powered Website Chatbot
by Wayne Simpson
View template details
Browse Call n8n Workflow Tool integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChain's documentation on tools
for more information about tools in LangChain.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.