URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/trigger-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.telegramtrigger/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T19:07:48.537915

Telegram Trigger node
#
Telegram
is a cloud-based instant messaging and voice over IP service. Users can send messages and exchange photos, videos, stickers, audio, and files of any type. On this page, you'll find a list of events the Telegram Trigger node can respond to and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Examples and templates
For usage examples and templates to help you get started, refer to n8n's
Telegram Trigger integrations
page.
Events
#
*
: All updates except "Chat Member", "Message Reaction", and "Message Reaction Count" (default behavior of Telegram API as they produces a lot of calls of updates).
Business Connection
: Trigger when the bot is connected to or disconnected from a business account, or a user edited an existing connection with the bot.
Business Message
: Trigger on a new message from a connected business account.
Callback Query
: Trigger on new incoming callback query.
Channel Post
: Trigger on new incoming channel post of any kind — including text, photo, sticker, and so on.
Chat Boost
: Trigger when a chat boost is added or changed. The bot must be an administrator in the chat to receive these updates.
Chat Join Request
: Trigger when a request to join the chat is sent. The bot must have the
can_invite_users
administrator right in the chat to receive these updates.
Chat Member
: Trigger when a chat member's status is updated. The bot must be an administrator in the chat.
Chosen Inline Result
: Trigger when the result of an inline query chosen by a user is sent. Please see Telegram's API documentation on
feedback collection
for details on how to enable these updates for your bot.
Deleted Business Messages
: Trigger when messages are deleted from a connected business account.
Edited Business Message
: Trigger on new version of a message from a connected business account.
Edited Channel Post
: Trigger on new version of a channel post that is known to the bot is edited.
Edited Message
: Trigger on new version of a channel post that is known to the bot is edited.
Inline Query
: Trigger on new incoming inline query.
Message
: Trigger on new incoming message of any kind — text, photo, sticker, and so on.
Message Reaction
: Trigger when a reaction to a message is changed by a user. The bot must be an administrator in the chat. The update isn't received for reactions set by bots.
Message Reaction Count
: Trigger when reactions to a message with anonymous reactions are changed. The bot must be an administrator in the chat. The updates are grouped and can be sent with delay up to a few minutes.
My Chat Member
: Trigger when the bot's chat member status is updated in a chat. For private chats, this update is received only when the bot is blocked or unblocked by the user.
Poll
: Trigger on new poll state. Bots only receive updates about stopped polls and polls which are sent by the bot.
Poll Answer
: Trigger when user changes their answer in a non-anonymous poll. Bots only receive new votes in polls that were sent by the bot itself.
Pre-Checkout Query
: Trigger on new incoming pre-checkout query. Contains full information about checkout.
Purchased Paid Media
: Trigger when a user purchases paid media with a non-empty payload sent by the bot in a non-channel chat.
Removed Chat Boost
: Trigger when a boost is removed from a chat. The bot must be an administrator in the chat to receive these updates.
Shipping Query
: Trigger on new incoming shipping query. Only for invoices with flexible price.
Some
events may require additional permissions
, see
Telegram's API documentation
for more information.
Options
#
Download Images/Files
: Whether to download attached images or files to include in the output data.
Image Size
: When you enable
Download Images/Files
, this configures the size of image to download. Downloads large images by default.
Restrict to Chat IDs
: Only trigger for events with the listed chat IDs. You can include multiple chat IDs separated by commas.
Restrict to User IDs
: Only trigger for events with the listed user IDs. You can include multiple user IDs separated by commas.
Related resources
#
n8n provides an app node for Telegram. You can find the node docs
here
.
View
example workflows and related content
on n8n's website.
Refer to
Telegram's API documentation
for details about their API.
Common issues
#
For common questions or issues and suggested solutions, refer to
Common issues
.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.