URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/creating-nodes/deploy/submit-community-nodes/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T19:09:03.622701

Submit community nodes
#
Subject to change
The standards described in this document are for the first release of the community nodes repository. These may change in future releases.
Community nodes are npm packages, hosted in the npm registry.
When building a node to submit to the community node repository, use the following resources to make sure your node setup is correct:
View the
starter node
and
n8n's own nodes
for some examples.
Refer to the documentation on
building your own nodes
.
Make sure your node follows the
standards
for community nodes.
Standards
#
To make your node available to the n8n community node repository, you must:
Make sure the package name starts with
n8n-nodes-
or
@<scope>/n8n-nodes-
. For example,
n8n-nodes-weather
or
@weatherPlugins/n8n-nodes-weather
.
Include
n8n-community-node-package
in your package keywords.
Make sure that you add your nodes and credentials to the
package.json
file inside the
n8n
attribute. Refer to the
package.json in the starter node
for an example.
Check your node using the
linter
and test it locally to ensure it works.
Submit the package to the npm registry. Refer to npm's documentation on
Contributing packages to the registry
for more information.
Submit your node for verification by n8n
#
n8n vets verified community nodes. Users can discover and install verified community nodes from the nodes panel in n8n. These nodes need to adhere to certain technical and UX standards and constraints.
Before submitting your node for review by n8n, you must:
Make sure that your node follows the
technical guidelines for verified community nodes
and that all automated checks pass. Specifically, verified community nodes aren't allowed to use any run-time dependencies.
Ensure that your node follows the
UX guidelines
.
Make sure that the node has appropriate documentation in the form of a README in the
npm package
or a related public repository.
Submit your node to npm as n8n will fetch it from there for final vetting.
If your node meets all the above requirements,
click here to submit your node for verification
.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.