URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.lmchatxaigrok/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:54:29.336421

xAI Grok Chat Model node
#
Use the xAI Grok Chat Model node to access xAI Grok's large language models for conversational AI and text generation tasks.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the xAI Grok Chat Model node, and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node parameters
#
Model
: Select the model which will generate the completion. n8n dynamically loads available models from the xAI Grok API. Learn more in the
xAI Grok model documentation
.
Node options
#
Frequency Penalty
: Use this option to control the chances of the model repeating itself. Higher values reduce the chance of the model repeating itself.
Maximum Number of Tokens
: Enter the maximum number of tokens used, which sets the completion length. Most models have a context length of 2048 tokens with the newest models supporting up to 32,768 tokens.
Response Format
: Choose
Text
or
JSON
.
JSON
ensures the model returns valid JSON.
Presence Penalty
: Use this option to control the chances of the model talking about new topics. Higher values increase the chance of the model talking about new topics.
Sampling Temperature
: Use this option to control the randomness of the sampling process. A higher temperature creates more diverse sampling, but increases the risk of hallucinations.
Timeout
: Enter the maximum request time in milliseconds.
Max Retries
: Enter the maximum number of times to retry a request.
Top P
: Use this option to set the probability the completion should use. Use a lower value to ignore less probable options.
Templates and examples
#
Homey Pro - Smarthouse integration with LLM
by Ole Andre Torjussen
View template details
AI Chatbot Call Center: Demo Call Center (Production-Ready, Part 2)
by ChatPayLabs
View template details
AI Chatbot Call Center: Taxi Booking Support (Production-Ready, Part 7)
by ChatPayLabs
View template details
Browse xAI Grok Chat Model integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
xAI Grok's API documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.