URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.awsses/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:45:55.210446

AWS SES node
#
Use the AWS SES node to automate work in AWS SES, and integrate AWS SES with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of AWS SES features, including creating, getting, deleting, sending, updating, and adding templates and emails.
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the AWS SES node supports and links to more resources.
Credentials
Refer to
AWS SES credentials
for guidance on setting up authentication.
This node can be used as an AI tool
This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the
AI tool parameters documentation
.
Operations
#
Custom Verification Email
Create a new custom verification email template
Delete an existing custom verification email template
Get the custom email verification template
Get all the existing custom verification email templates for your account
Add an email address to the list of identities
Update an existing custom verification email template.
Email
Send
Send Template
Template
Create a template
Delete a template
Get a template
Get all templates
Update a template
Templates and examples
#
Create screenshots with uProc, save to Dropbox and send by email
by Miquel Colomer
View template details
Send an email using AWS SES
by amudhan
View template details
Auto-Notify on New Major n8n Releases via RSS, Email & Telegram
by Miquel Colomer
View template details
Browse AWS SES integration templates
, or
search all templates
What to do if your operation isn't supported
#
If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the
HTTP Request node
to call the service's API.
You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node:
In the HTTP Request node, select
Authentication
>
Predefined Credential Type
.
Select the service you want to connect to.
Select your credential.
Refer to
Custom API operations
for more information.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.