URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.embeddingsmistralcloud/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:54:05.035161

Embeddings Mistral Cloud node
#
Use the Embeddings Mistral Cloud node to generate
embeddings
for a given text.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Embeddings Mistral Cloud node, and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node parameters
#
Model
: Select the model to use to generate the embedding.
Learn more about available models in
Mistral's models documentation
.
Node options
#
Batch Size
: Enter the maximum number of documents to send in each request.
Strip New Lines
: Select whether to remove new line characters from input text (turned on) or not (turned off). n8n enables this by default.
Templates and examples
#
Breakdown Documents into Study Notes using Templating MistralAI and Qdrant
by Jimleuk
View template details
Build a Financial Documents Assistant using Qdrant and Mistral.ai
by Jimleuk
View template details
Build a Tax Code Assistant with Qdrant, Mistral.ai and OpenAI
by Jimleuk
View template details
Browse Embeddings Mistral Cloud integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
Langchain's Mistral embeddings documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.