URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.lmollama/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:54:32.355038

Ollama Model node
#
The Ollama Model node allows you use local Llama 2 models.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Ollama Model node, and links to more resources.
This node lacks tools support, so it won't work with the
AI Agent
node. Instead, connect it with the
Basic LLM Chain
node.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node parameters
#
Model
: Select the model that generates the completion. Choose from:
Llama2
Llama2 13B
Llama2 70B
Llama2 Uncensored
Refer to the Ollama
Models Library documentation
for more information about available models.
Node options
#
Sampling Temperature
: Use this option to control the randomness of the sampling process. A higher temperature creates more diverse sampling, but increases the risk of hallucinations.
Top K
: Enter the number of token choices the model uses to generate the next token.
Top P
: Use this option to set the probability the completion should use. Use a lower value to ignore less probable options.
Templates and examples
#
Chat with local LLMs using n8n and Ollama
by Mihai Farcas
View template details
🔐🦙🤖 Private & Local Ollama Self-Hosted AI Assistant
by Joseph LePage
View template details
🐋DeepSeek V3 Chat & R1 Reasoning Quick Start
by Joseph LePage
View template details
Browse Ollama Model integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChains's Ollama documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
Common issues
#
For common questions or issues and suggested solutions, refer to
Common issues
.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Self-hosted AI Starter Kit
#
New to working with AI and using self-hosted n8n? Try n8n's
self-hosted AI Starter Kit
to get started with a proof-of-concept or demo playground using Ollama, Qdrant, and PostgreSQL.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.