URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.toolsearxng/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:55:11.028926

SearXNG Tool node
#
The SearXNG Tool node allows you to integrate search capabilities into your workflows using SearXNG. SearXNG aggregates results from multiple search engines without tracking you.
On this page, you'll find the node options for the SearXNG Tool node, and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node Options
#
Number of Results
: The number of results to retrieve. The default is 10.
Page Number
: The page number of the search results to retrieve. The default is 1.
Language
: A two-letter
language code
to filter search results by language. For example:
en
for English,
fr
for French. The default is
en
.
Safe Search
: Enables or disables filtering explicit content in the search results. Can be None, Moderate, or Strict. The default is None.
Running a SearXNG instance
#
This node requires running the SearXNG service on the same network as your n8n instance. Ensure your n8n instance has network access to the SearXNG service.
This node requires results in JSON format, which isn't enabled in the default SearXNG configuration. To enable JSON output, add
json
to the
search.formats
section of your SearXNG instance's
settings.yml
file:
1
2
3
4
5
search
:
# options available for formats: [html, csv, json, rss]
formats
:
-
html
-
json
If the
formats
section isn't there, add it. The exact location of the
settings.yml
file depends on how you installed SearXNG. You can find more by visiting the
SearXNG configuration documentation
.
The quality and availability of search results depend on the configuration and health of the SearXNG instance you use.
Templates and examples
#
Browse SearXNG Tool integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
SearXNG's documentation
for more information about the service. You can also view
LangChain's documentation on their SearXNG integration
.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.