URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.googleslides/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:48:18.036219

Google Slides node
#
Use the Google Slides node to automate work in Google Slides, and integrate Google Slides with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Google Slides features, including creating presentations, and getting pages.
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Google Slides node supports and links to more resources.
Credentials
Refer to
Google credentials
for guidance on setting up authentication.
This node can be used as an AI tool
This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the
AI tool parameters documentation
.
Operations
#
Page
Get a page
Get a thumbnail
Presentation
Create a presentation
Get a presentation
Get presentation slides
Replace text in a presentation
Templates and examples
#
Dynamically replace images in Google Slides via API
by Emmanuel Bernard
View template details
Get all the slides from a presentation and get thumbnails of pages
by Harshil Agrawal
View template details
Export new deals from HubSpot to Slack and Airtable
by Lorena
View template details
Browse Google Slides integration templates
, or
search all templates
What to do if your operation isn't supported
#
If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the
HTTP Request node
to call the service's API.
You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node:
In the HTTP Request node, select
Authentication
>
Predefined Credential Type
.
Select the service you want to connect to.
Select your credential.
Refer to
Custom API operations
for more information.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.