URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.agent/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:53:12.653292

AI Agent node
#
An
AI agent
is an autonomous system that receives data, makes rational decisions, and acts within its environment to achieve specific goals. The AI agent's environment is everything the agent can access that isn't the agent itself. This agent uses external
tools
and APIs to perform actions and retrieve information. It can understand the capabilities of different tools and determine which tool to use depending on the task.
Connect a tool
You must connect at least one tool
sub-node
to an AI Agent node.
Agent type
Prior to version 1.82.0, the AI Agent had a setting for working as different agent types. This has now been removed and all AI Agent nodes work as a
Tools Agent
which was the recommended and most frequently used setting. If you're working with older versions of the AI Agent in workflows or templates, as long as they were set to 'Tools Agent', they should continue to behave as intended with the updated node.
Templates and examples
#
AI agent chat
by n8n Team
View template details
Building Your First WhatsApp Chatbot
by Jimleuk
View template details
AI agent that can scrape webpages
by Eduard
View template details
Browse AI Agent integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChain's documentation on agents
for more information about the service.
New to AI Agents? Read the
n8n blog introduction to AI agents
.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
Common issues
#
For common errors or issues and suggested resolution steps, refer to
Common Issues
.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.