URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.textsplittercharactertextsplitter/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:55:01.988434

Character Text Splitter node
#
Use the Character Text Splitter node to split document data based on characters.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Character Text Splitter node, and links to more resources.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node parameters
#
Separator
: Select the separator used to split the document into separate items.
Chunk Size
: Enter the number of characters in each chunk.
Chunk Overlap
: Enter how much overlap to have between chunks.
Templates and examples
#
Building Your First WhatsApp Chatbot
by Jimleuk
View template details
Scrape and summarize webpages with AI
by n8n Team
View template details
Ask questions about a PDF using AI
by David Roberts
View template details
Browse Character Text Splitter integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChain's text splitter documentation
and
LangChain's API documentation for character text splitting
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.