URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.lmchatawsbedrock/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:54:11.010612

AWS Bedrock Chat Model node
#
The AWS Bedrock Chat Model node allows you use LLM models utilising AWS Bedrock platform.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the AWS Bedrock Chat Model node, and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node parameters
#
Model
: Select the model that generates the completion.
Learn more about available models in the
Amazon Bedrock model documentation
.
Node options
#
Maximum Number of Tokens
: Enter the maximum number of tokens used, which sets the completion length.
Sampling Temperature
: Use this option to control the randomness of the sampling process. A higher temperature creates more diverse sampling, but increases the risk of hallucinations.
Templates and examples
#
Transcribe audio files from Cloud Storage
by Lorena
View template details
Extract and store text from chat images using AWS S3
by Lorena
View template details
Sync data between Google Drive and AWS S3
by Lorena
View template details
Browse AWS Bedrock Chat Model integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChains's AWS Bedrock Chat Model documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.