URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.microsoftexcel/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:49:33.399067

Microsoft Excel 365 node
#
Use the Microsoft Excel node to automate work in Microsoft Excel, and integrate Microsoft Excel with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Microsoft Excel features, including adding and retrieving lists of table data, and workbooks, as well as getting worksheets.
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Microsoft Excel node supports and links to more resources.
Credentials
Refer to
Microsoft credentials
for guidance on setting up authentication.
This node can be used as an AI tool
This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the
AI tool parameters documentation
.
Operations
#
Table
Adds rows to the end of the table
Retrieve a list of table columns
Retrieve a list of table rows
Looks for a specific column value and then returns the matching row
Workbook
Adds a new worksheet to the workbook.
Get data of all workbooks
Worksheet
Get all worksheets
Get worksheet content
Templates and examples
#
Automated Web Scraping: email a CSV, save to Google Sheets & Microsoft Excel
by Mihai Farcas
View template details
Get all Excel workbooks
by amudhan
View template details
Daily Newsletter Service using Excel, Outlook and AI
by Jimleuk
View template details
Browse Microsoft Excel 365 integration templates
, or
search all templates
What to do if your operation isn't supported
#
If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the
HTTP Request node
to call the service's API.
You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node:
In the HTTP Request node, select
Authentication
>
Predefined Credential Type
.
Select the service you want to connect to.
Select your credential.
Refer to
Custom API operations
for more information.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.