URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.retrievermultiquery/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:54:57.340624

MultiQuery Retriever node
#
The MultiQuery Retriever node automates the process of prompt tuning by using an LLM to generate multiple queries from different perspectives for a given user input query.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the MultiQuery Retriever node, and links to more resources.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node options
#
Query Count
: Enter how many different versions of the query to generate.
Templates and examples
#
Ask questions about a PDF using AI
by David Roberts
View template details
AI Crew to Automate Fundamental Stock Analysis - Q&A Workflow
by Derek Cheung
View template details
Advanced AI Demo (Presented at AI Developers #14 meetup)
by Max Tkacz
View template details
Browse MultiQuery Retriever integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChain's retriever conceptual documentation
and
LangChain's multiquery retriever API documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.