URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.toolserpapi/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:55:12.336708

SerpApi (Google Search) node
#
The SerpAPI node allows an
agent
in your workflow to call Google's Search API.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the SerpAPI node, and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node options
#
Country
: Enter the country code you'd like to use. Refer to
Google GL Parameter: Supported Google Countries
for supported countries and country codes.
Device
: Select the device to use to get the search results.
Explicit Array
: Choose whether to force SerpApi to fetch the Google results even if a cached version is already present (turned on) or not (turned off).
Google Domain
: Enter the Google Domain to use. Refer to
Supported Google Domains
for supported domains.
Language
: Enter the language code you'd like to use. Refer to
Google HL Parameter: Supported Google Languages
for supported languages and language codes.
Templates and examples
#
AI agent chat
by n8n Team
View template details
✨🤖Automate Multi-Platform Social Media Content Creation with AI
by Joseph LePage
View template details
AI chatbot that can search the web
by n8n Team
View template details
Browse SerpApi (Google Search) integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
Serp's documentation
for more information about the service. You can also view
LangChain's documentation on their Serp integration
.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.