URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.line/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:48:59.392580

Line node
#
Deprecated: End of service
LINE Notify is discontinuing service as of April 1st 2025 and this node will no longer work after that date. View LINE Notify's
end of service announement
for more information.
Use the Line node to automate work in Line, and integrate Line with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Line features, including sending notifications.
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Line node supports and links to more resources.
Credentials
Refer to
Line credentials
for guidance on setting up authentication.
This node can be used as an AI tool
This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the
AI tool parameters documentation
.
Operations
#
Notification
Sends notifications to users or groups
Templates and examples
#
Customer Support Channel and Ticketing System with Slack and Linear
by Jimleuk
View template details
Line Message API : Push Message & Reply
by darrell_tw
View template details
Send daily weather updates via a notification in Line
by Harshil Agrawal
View template details
Browse Line integration templates
, or
search all templates
What to do if your operation isn't supported
#
If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the
HTTP Request node
to call the service's API.
You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node:
In the HTTP Request node, select
Authentication
>
Predefined Credential Type
.
Select the service you want to connect to.
Select your credential.
Refer to
Custom API operations
for more information.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.