URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.googleanalytics/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:47:39.929414

Google Analytics node
#
Use the Google Analytics node to automate work in Google Analytics, and integrate Google Analytics with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Google Analytics features, including returning reports and user activities.
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Google Analytics node supports and links to more resources.
Credentials
Refer to
Google Analytics credentials
for guidance on setting up authentication.
This node can be used as an AI tool
This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the
AI tool parameters documentation
.
Operations
#
Report
Get
User Activity
Search
Templates and examples
#
AI marketing report (Google Analytics & Ads, Meta Ads), sent via email/Telegram
by Friedemann Schuetz
View template details
Automate Google Analytics Reporting
by Alex Kim
View template details
Create a Google Analytics Data Report with AI and sent it to E-Mail and Telegram
by Friedemann Schuetz
View template details
Browse Google Analytics integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
Google Analytics' documentation
for more information about the service.
What to do if your operation isn't supported
#
If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the
HTTP Request node
to call the service's API.
You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node:
In the HTTP Request node, select
Authentication
>
Predefined Credential Type
.
Select the service you want to connect to.
Select your credential.
Refer to
Custom API operations
for more information.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.