URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.nasa/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:50:05.832676

NASA node
#
Use the NASA node to automate work in NASA, and integrate NASA with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of NASA features, including retrieving imagery and data.
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the NASA node supports and links to more resources.
Credentials
Refer to
NASA credentials
for guidance on setting up authentication.
This node can be used as an AI tool
This node can be used to enhance the capabilities of an AI agent. When used in this way, many parameters can be set automatically, or with information directed by AI - find out more in the
AI tool parameters documentation
.
Operations
#
Astronomy Picture of the Day
Get the Astronomy Picture of the Day
Asteroid Neo-Feed
Retrieve a list of asteroids based on their closest approach date to Earth
Asteroid Neo-Lookup
Look up an asteroid based on its NASA SPK-ID
Asteroid Neo-Browse
Browse the overall asteroid dataset
DONKI Coronal Mass Ejection
Retrieve DONKI coronal mass ejection data
DONKI Interplanetary Shock
Retrieve DONKI interplanetary shock data
DONKI Solar Flare
Retrieve DONKI solar flare data
DONKI Solar Energetic Particle
Retrieve DONKI solar energetic particle data
DONKI Magnetopause Crossing
Retrieve data on DONKI magnetopause crossings
DONKI Radiation Belt Enhancement
Retrieve DONKI radiation belt enhancement data
DONKI High Speed Stream
Retrieve DONKI high speed stream data
DONKI WSA+EnlilSimulation
Retrieve DONKI WSA+EnlilSimulation data
DONKI Notifications
Retrieve DONKI notifications data
Earth Imagery
Retrieve Earth imagery
Earth Assets
Retrieve Earth assets
Templates and examples
#
Set credentials dynamically using expressions
by Deborah
View template details
Send the astronomy picture of the day daily to a Telegram channel
by Harshil Agrawal
View template details
Retrieve NASA Space Weather & Asteroid Data with GPT-4o-mini and Telegram
by Ghufran Ridhawi
View template details
Browse NASA integration templates
, or
search all templates
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.