URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.outputparseritemlist/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:54:51.351959

Item List Output Parser node
#
Use the Item List Output Parser node to return a list of items with a specific length and separator.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node options
#
Number of Items
: Enter the maximum items to return. Set to
-1
for unlimited items.
Separator
: Select the separator used to split the results into separate items. Defaults to a new line.
Templates and examples
#
Breakdown Documents into Study Notes using Templating MistralAI and Qdrant
by Jimleuk
View template details
Automate Your RFP Process with OpenAI Assistants
by Jimleuk
View template details
Explore n8n Nodes in a Visual Reference Library
by I versus AI
View template details
Browse Item List Output Parser integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChain's output parser documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.