URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.embeddingsazureopenai/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:53:55.726976

Embeddings Azure OpenAI node
#
Use the Embeddings Azure OpenAI node to generate
embeddings
for a given text.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Embeddings Azure OpenAI node, and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node options
#
Model (Deployment) Name
: Select the model (deployment) to use for generating embeddings.
Batch Size
: Enter the maximum number of documents to send in each request.
Strip New Lines
: Select whether to remove new line characters from input text (turned on) or not (turned off). n8n enables this by default.
Timeout
: Enter the maximum amount of time a request can take in seconds. Set to
-1
for no timeout.
Templates and examples
#
Building Your First WhatsApp Chatbot
by Jimleuk
View template details
Ask questions about a PDF using AI
by David Roberts
View template details
Chat with PDF docs using AI (quoting sources)
by David Roberts
View template details
Browse Embeddings Azure OpenAI integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChains's OpenAI embeddings documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.