URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.whatsapp/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:52:39.682809

WhatsApp Business Cloud node
#
Use the WhatsApp Business Cloud node to automate work in WhatsApp Business, and integrate WhatsApp Business with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of WhatsApp Business features, including sending messages, and uploading, downloading, and deleting media.
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the WhatsApp Business Cloud node supports and links to more resources.
Credentials
Refer to
WhatsApp Business Cloud credentials
for guidance on setting up authentication.
Operations
#
Message
Send
Send and Wait for Response
Send Template
Media
Upload
Download
Delete
Waiting for a response
#
By choosing the
Send and Wait for a Response
operation, you can send a message and pause the workflow execution until a person confirms the action or provides more information.
Response Type
#
You can choose between the following types of waiting and approval actions:
Approval
: Users can approve or disapprove from within the message.
Free Text
: Users can submit a response with a form.
Custom Form
: Users can submit a response with a custom form.
You can customize the waiting and response behavior depending on which response type you choose. You can configure these options in any of the above response types:
Limit Wait Time
: Whether the workflow will automatically resume execution after a specified time limit. This can be an interval or a specific wall time.
Append n8n Attribution
: Whether to mention in the message that it was sent automatically with n8n (turned on) or not (turned off).
Approval response customization
#
When using the Approval response type, you can choose whether to present only an approval button or both approval
and
disapproval buttons.
You can also customize the button labels for the buttons you include.
Free Text response customization
#
When using the Free Text response type, you can customize the message button label, the form title and description, and the response button label.
Custom Form response customization
#
When using the Custom Form response type, you build a form using the fields and options you want.
You can customize each form element with the settings outlined in the
n8n Form trigger's form elements
. To add more fields, select the
Add Form Element
button.
You'll also be able to customize the message button label, the form title and description, and the response button label.
Templates and examples
#
Building Your First WhatsApp Chatbot
by Jimleuk
View template details
Respond to WhatsApp Messages with AI Like a Pro!
by Jimleuk
View template details
AI-Powered WhatsApp Chatbot 🤖📲 for Text, Voice, Images & PDFs with memory 🧠
by Davide
View template details
Browse WhatsApp Business Cloud integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
WhatsApp Business Platform's Cloud API documentation
for details about the operations.
Common issues
#
For common errors or issues and suggested resolution steps, refer to
Common Issues
.
What to do if your operation isn't supported
#
If this node doesn't support the operation you want to do, you can use the
HTTP Request node
to call the service's API.
You can use the credential you created for this service in the HTTP Request node:
In the HTTP Request node, select
Authentication
>
Predefined Credential Type
.
Select the service you want to connect to.
Select your credential.
Refer to
Custom API operations
for more information.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.