URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/trigger-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.slacktrigger/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T19:07:40.402665

Slack Trigger node
#
Use the Slack Trigger node to respond to events in
Slack
and integrate Slack with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Slack events, including new messages, reactions, and new channels.
On this page, you'll find a list of events the Slack Trigger node can respond to and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Examples and templates
For usage examples and templates to help you get started, refer to n8n's
Slack integrations
page.
Events
#
Any Event
: The node triggers on any event in Slack.
Bot / App Mention
: The node triggers when your bot or app is
mentioned
in a channel the app is in.
File Made Public
: The node triggers when a file is
made public
.
File Shared
: The node triggers when a file is
shared
in a channel the app is in.
New Message Posted to Channel
: The node triggers when a new message is posted to a channel the app is in.
New Public Channel Created
: The node triggers when a new
public channel
is created.
New User
: The node triggers when a new user is added to Slack.
Reaction Added
: The node triggers when a
reaction
is added to a message the app is added to.
Parameters
#
Once you've set the events to trigger on, use the remaining parameters to further define the node's behavior:
Watch Whole Workspace
: Whether the node should watch for the selected
Events
in all channels in the workspace (turned on) or not (turned off, default).
Caution
This will use one execution for every event in any channel your bot or app is in. Use with caution!
Channel to Watch
: Select the channel your node should watch for the selected
Events
. This parameter only appears if you don't turn on
Watch Whole Workspace
. You can select a channel:
From list
: The node uses your credential to look up a list of channels in the workspace so you can select the channel you want.
By ID
: Enter the ID of a channel you want to watch. Slack displays the channel ID at the bottom of the channel details with a one-click copy button.
By URL
: Enter the URL of the channel you want to watch, formatted as
https://app.slack.com/client/<channel-address>
.
Download Files
: Whether to download files and use them in the node's output (turned on) or not (turned off, default). Use this parameter with the
File Made Public
and
File Shared
events.
Options
#
You can further refine the node's behavior when you
Add Option
s:
Resolve IDs
: Whether to resolve the IDs to their respective names and return them (turned on) or not (turned off, default).
Usernames or IDs to ignore
: Select usernames or enter a comma-separated string of encoded user IDs to ignore events from. Choose from the list, or specify IDs using an
expression
.
Related resources
#
n8n provides an app node for Slack. You can find the node docs
here
.
View
example workflows and related content
on n8n's website.
Refer to
Slack's documentation
for details about their API.
Required scopes
#
To use this node, you need to create an application in Slack and enable event subscriptions. Refer to
Slack credentials | Slack Trigger configuration
for more information.
You must add the appropriate scopes to your Slack app for this trigger node to work.
The node requires scopes for the
conversations.list
and
users.list
methods at minimum. Check out the
Scopes | Slack credentials
list for a more complete list of scopes.
Common issues
#
Here are some common errors and issues with the Slack Trigger node and steps to resolve or troubleshoot them.
Workflow only works in testing or production
#
Slack only allows you to register a single webhook per app. This means that you can't switch from using the testing URL to the production URL (and vice versa) without reconfiguring the registered webhook URL.
You may have trouble with this if you try to test a workflow that's also active in production. Slack will only send events to one of the two webhook URLs, so the other will never receive event notifications.
To work around this, you can disable your workflow when testing:
Halts production traffic
This temporarily disables your production workflow for testing. Your workflow will no longer receive production traffic while it's deactivated.
Go to your workflow page.
Toggle the
Active
switch in the top panel to disable the workflow temporarily.
Edit the
Request URL
in your the
Slack Trigger configuration
to use the testing webhook URL instead of the production webhook URL.
Test your workflow using the test webhook URL.
When you finish testing, edit the
Request URL
in your the
Slack Trigger configuration
to use the production webhook URL instead of the testing webhook URL.
Toggle the
Inactive
toggle to enable the workflow again. The production webhook URL should resume working.
Token expired
#
Slack offers
token rotation
that you can turn on for bot and user tokens. This makes every tokens expire after 12 hours. While this may be useful for testing, n8n credentials using tokens with this enabled will fail after expiry. If you want to use your Slack credentials in production, this feature must be
off
.
To check if your Slack app has token rotation turned on, refer to the
Slack API Documentation | Token Rotation
.
If your app uses token rotation
Please note, if your Slack app uses token rotation, you can't turn it off again. You need to create a new Slack app with token rotation disabled instead.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.