URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.lmchatgooglegemini/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:54:15.295249

Google Gemini Chat Model node
#
Use the Google Gemini Chat Model node to use Google's Gemini chat models with conversational agents.
On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Google Gemini Chat Model node, and links to more resources.
Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node
here
.
Parameter resolution in sub-nodes
Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.
Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
resolves to each name in turn.
In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five
name
values, the expression
{{ $json.name }}
always resolves to the first name.
Node parameters
#
Model
: Select the model to use to generate the completion.
n8n dynamically loads models from the Google Gemini API and you'll only see the models available to your account.
Node options
#
Maximum Number of Tokens
: Enter the maximum number of tokens used, which sets the completion length.
Sampling Temperature
: Use this option to control the randomness of the sampling process. A higher temperature creates more diverse sampling, but increases the risk of hallucinations.
Top K
: Enter the number of token choices the model uses to generate the next token.
Top P
: Use this option to set the probability the completion should use. Use a lower value to ignore less probable options.
Safety Settings
: Gemini supports adjustable safety settings. Refer to Google's
Gemini API safety settings
for information on the available filters and levels.
Templates and examples
#
✨🤖Automate Multi-Platform Social Media Content Creation with AI
by Joseph LePage
View template details
AI-Powered Social Media Content Generator & Publisher
by Amjid Ali
View template details
Respond to WhatsApp Messages with AI Like a Pro!
by Jimleuk
View template details
Browse Google Gemini Chat Model integration templates
, or
search all templates
Related resources
#
Refer to
LangChain's Google Gemini documentation
for more information about the service.
View n8n's
Advanced AI
documentation.
AI glossary
#
completion
: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
hallucinations
: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
vector database
: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
vector store
: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.