URL: https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.chainretrievalqa/common-issues/
Scraped_At: 2025-05-20T18:53:27.700403

Question and Answer Chain node common issues
#
Here are some common errors and issues with the
Question and Answer Chain node
and steps to resolve or troubleshoot them.
No prompt specified error
#
This error displays when the
Prompt
is empty or invalid.
You might see this in one of two scenarios:
When you've set the
Prompt
to
Define below
and have an expression in your
Text
that isn't generating a value.
To resolve, enter a valid prompt in the
Text
field.
Make sure any expressions reference valid fields and that they resolve to valid input rather than null.
When you've set the
Prompt
to
Connected Chat Trigger Node
and the incoming data has null values.
To resolve, make sure your input contains a
chatInput
field. Add an
Edit Fields (Set)
node to edit an incoming field name to
chatInput
.
Remove any null values from the
chatInput
field of the input node.
A Retriever sub-node must be connected error
#
This error displays when n8n tries to execute the node without having a Retriever connected.
To resolve this, click the + Retriever button at the bottom of your screen when the node is open, or click the Retriever + connector when the node isn't open. n8n will then open a selection of possible Retrievers to pick from.
Can't produce longer responses
#
If you need to generate longer responses than the Question and Answer Chain node produces by default, you can try one or more of the following techniques:
Connect a more verbose model
: Some AI models produce more terse results than others. Swapping your model for one with a larger context window and more verbose output can increase the word length of your responses.
Increase the maximum number of tokens
: Many model nodes (for example the
OpenAI Chat Model
) include a
Maximum Number of Tokens
option. You can set this to increase the maximum number of tokens the model can use to produce a response.
Build larger responses in stages
: For more detailed answers, you may want to construct replies in stages using a variety of AI nodes. You can use AI split up a single question into multiple prompts and create responses for each. You can then compose a final reply by combining the responses again. Though the details are different, you can find a good example of the general idea in this
template for writing a WordPress post with AI
.
Was this page helpful?
Thanks for your feedback!
Thanks for your feedback! Help us improve this page by submitting an issue or a fix in our
GitHub repo
.